Marcio/Notification docs (#1612)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/fundamentals/src/content/notifications/configure-create/create-notifications.md

---
order: 0
pcx-content: how-to
---

# Create a Notification

1. Go to the **Notifications** tab on the upper menu of your account.
1. Click the **Add** button in Notifications.

> 1. Select the type of Notification you want to enable. The list of Notifications available depends on the type of account you have. 

Author: Yup, yup. Good catch. :)

1. To choose a type of Notification, click **Select**.

> 1. Give the Notification a name to identify it. You also need at least one way to be notified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Give the Notification a name to identify it. 
1. Add at least one email address you want to send the Notification to.
```
^ or something to that effect. I feel these two steps are important enough to be called out on their own. However: are email addresses the only notification method you can set up at this stage?

Reviewer: ```
1. Click **Create**.

This will take you back to your list of Notifications, where your newly created Notification will appear as **Enabled**.
```

I always try to close a how-to section with a success message that lets the user know the procedure is finished ^

Author: I'll clarify exactly the options available because Natasha told me it's not necessarily only email - although that's the only option I see. I'll get back to you!

---
order: 0
pcx-content: how-to
---

# Create a Notification

> 1. Go to the **Notifications** tab on the upper menu of your account.

Author: Erm... My bad. I had one of those conflicts between branches, and apparently the wrong version got uploaded again. Let me check this.

1. Give the Notification a name to identify it. 
1. Add a way to be notified, like an email address. Professional and Business plans will have access to other options such as configuring PagerDuty or accessing webhooks.
1. Click **Create**.

This will take you back to your list of Notifications, where the new Notification will appear as **Enabled**.

## PagerDuty

Professional plans or higher can configure PagerDuty to receive notifications about their Cloudflare account. If you do not have a PagerDuty account, see [how to create an account](https://support.pagerduty.com/docs/quick-start-guide) in PagerDuty's documentation.

1. Sign in to your [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login).
1. Go to **Notifications**.
1. Click **Destinations** on the left side of your dashboard.
1. In the **Connected notification services** card, click **Connect**.
1. Log in to your PagerDuty account to connect it to your Cloudflare account.
1. Select the services you want to use and click **Connect**.
1. The browser will navigate back to your Cloudflare dashboard. Click **Continue**.

> Your new connected PagerDuty will appear in your **Connected notification services** card.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your new connected PagerDuty will appear in the **Connected notification services** card.
```
(Avoiding "your" twice in the sentence)
